# IPTW14 Review - Found Issues and questions

## Main page

-[ ] provided wrong e-mail: 'first.last@imag.fr'?!

## Intro 
-[ ] Better resoliution for Fig. 1

## Section 3

### Subsection 3.1

-[ ] 3rd paragraph (p.5) is unclear: How are data partitioned, based on time, hardware resources, similarity of metric values?
-[ ] (p.6) enumeration of partitioning steps: step 3: what would be not allowed partitions?

### Subsection 3.2

-[ ] 2nd paragraph: first appearance of acronym "pIC", should be followed directly by acronym explanation (parametrized Information Criterion) - not several lines later in the formula.
-[ ] (p.6) between Eq. (2) and Eq. (3) 'and a defines ...' -> 'and define a ...'
-[ ] Fig. 2-6: color legend missing

### Subsection 3.5.1

-[ ] Add a bit info how the aggregation is done - first time than space or both at same time.

### Subsection 3.5.2

-[ ] before Eq.1 superflous white space: '... followed :' --> '... followed:'
-[ ] A bit info about the selection of aggregation sets could be added, because it is clear, that the number of possible aggregations is binomially high.

## Section 4

## Subsection 4.1.1

-[ ] 2nd paragraph (p.13): 'The Figure 7 ...' --> 'A screenshot of the GUI is shown in Figure 7.'
-[ ] Better resolution for Fig. 7 

## Subsection 4.1.2

-[ ] pipeline Step. 6/7: Add ref. to Fig.7 as it makes this point clearer
-[ ] pipeline Step. 8: Are the partitions asscociated to the different p values stored or recomputed?

## Subsection 4.1.3

-[ ] example Fig for the mentioned Gantt chart-like diagram?

## Subsection 4.2

-[ ] is it small 'o' or big 'O'; for LaTeX setting see http://texblog.org/2014/06/24/big-o-and-related-notations-in-latex/
-[ ] Is it correct, that the visualisation is left over to Eclipse/Java which makes it as slow as 10 sec in the worst case? Could it be improved by using C++/GTK/Qt,...?
-[ ] Note: Fig.8-10 not mentioned in text
-[ ] Fig.8:
  a) shows no difference in execution time for different timeslice numbers at the lower event number part. Why?
  b) does the execution time includes reading the trace? (maybe answer to question a)
-[ ] Fig.9: This suggests, that the temporal aggregation is the most time consuming part? But looking at table 1 this is not the case.
-[ ] Fig.8-10: How connect these data together - were the same trace data used for all Fig.8-10?
-[ ] (p.17): Typo: 'can be deal ...' --> 'can be dealt ...'
-[ ] 4.2: Was the trace stored on the SSD? more detailed SSD specifications would be interesting SATA-2 or SATA-3, read speed.
